Update ARCHITECTURE.MD (#1213)
inrupt/solid-client-js: ARCHITECTURE.md

The main difference between the two is that, by virtue of the server
understanding the structure of the former, we can do partial updates (i.e.
PATCH requests) and retrieve the data in different formats (currently, the

> spec mandates that servers can receive/return such data as at least Turtle and JSON-LD).

Author: ```suggestion
spec mandates that servers can receive/return such RDF data as at least Turtle and JSON-LD).
```

> Thus, data requested as Turtle or JSON-LD can be fetched as a SolidDataset; the

Reviewer: I'd say this is still 'wrong'. Basically any data requested as RDF should be fetch-able as a SolidDataset, regardless of the requested serialization (so long as the Solid server happens to support that particular serialization).
In other words, a SolidDataset represents RDF data, and not a particular 'format' of RDF data.

> Thus, data requested as Turtle or JSON-LD can be fetched as a SolidDataset; the

Reviewer 2: Well technically, you can request any representation for a Resource using the `Accept` header, and it's up to the server to decide whether your request makes sense or not. In that sense, what really matters is not as much how the data is stored, but indeed how it is requested which matters, because you could technically request some JPG file as RDF, and the server would either return a representation in the requested format, or politely tell you off :)

> Thus, data requested as Turtle or JSON-LD can be fetched as a SolidDataset; the

Author: ```suggestion
Thus, RDF data can be fetched as a SolidDataset; the
```

> Thus, data requested as Turtle or JSON-LD can be fetched as a SolidDataset; the

Reviewer: Yeah, this is tricky and nuanced. Data is only ever `stored` in Solid as either binary data, or RDF data. The spec says that Solid servers must accept and deliver back RDF data via a minimum of two RDF serializations, Turtle and JSON-LD. Notice that previous sentence doesn't mention the word `store` - and that's because its completely up to the Server implementation to decide how it stored RDF data - i.e., even if I POST a payload of Turtle to the server, it's totally free to store that as N-Quads if it wants, or store it in a relational database (which is what ESS does today)). And anyone else is totally free to later request that same resource as either JSON-LD or Turtle, and the Server MUST honor that request and return that resource in that serialization.
But that same Server is also completely free to offer support for receiving and delivering that exact same resource back using any other RDF serializations too (e.g., Trig, N-Triples, Trix, RDF/XML, etc.), if a user wishes to request that of the Server, and the Server happens to offer support for that RDF serialization.
And as NicAS says, a user could indeed request that very same RDF resource back from the Server with an `Accept: image/jpeg` header - the answer to that 'crazy request' is up to the Server - it could reply with a "400 Bad Request", or a "406 Not Acceptable", or "415 Unsupported Media Type", or "[418 I'm a teapot](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/418)" - or indeed it might actually reply with a "200 Ok" and return an actual JPEG image of something that the Server deems is appropriate for that particular resource.
Hopefully that's a bit clearer :) !

rest are just treated as regular Files: while it might be possible to parse and
manipulate them using other libraries, solid-client just allows downloads and
uploads, and not more specific operations like reading values for a given
property. This applies to binary file types like JPEG, WebM and `.txt`.

> When it comes to files containing structured data in a non-RDF format (e.g.: JSON, 

Author: ```suggestion
When it comes to files containing structured data in a non-RDF format (e.g., JSON, 
```

XML or OpenDocument) or files containing structured data in an RDF format not

> understood by the server (e.g.: RDFa or RDF-XML) is up to the server to accept 

Author: ```suggestion
understood by the server (e.g., RDFa or RDF-XML) it is up to the server to accept 
```

> a payload of RDF/XML and treat it as a binary resource (as is being alluded to here), 

Reviewer: When I said "as alluded to here" I meant the original text was alluding to server's always storing that payload as binary - this suggested change isn't alluding that anymore :) !
```suggestion
that payload of RDF/XML and treat it as a binary resource, 
```

> a payload of RDF/XML and treat it as a binary resource (as is being alluded to here), 

Reviewer 2: I think the sentence could be "When it comes... _it_ is up to the server to accept the payload and treat it...". Once we said at the beginning that this applied to any structured data not recognized by the server, reiterating isn't necessary I'd say.

> When it comes to files containing structured data in a non-RDF format (e.g., JSON, 
> XML or OpenDocument) or files containing structured data in an RDF format not
> understood by the server (e.g., RDFa or RDF-XML) it is up to the server to accept 
> that payload of RDF/XML and treat it as a binary resource, 
> or it could choose to reject it completely with an error saying something like
> "Unsupported RDF serialization".

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

When it comes to files containing structured data in a non-RDF format (such as JSON, 
XML or OpenDocument) or files containing structured data in an RDF format not required
by the Solid Protocol (for example RDF/XML) it is up to the server to accept that
payload and treat it as a binary resource, interpret it as RDF, or reject it.
```

## `src/access/*`, `src/acl/*` and `src/acp/*`

At first, there was one [Solid authorization mechanism](https://solidproject.org/TR/protocol#authorization), 
Web Access Control ([WAC](https://solidproject.org/TR/wac)), and people often 

> referred to it as Access Control Lists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
referred to it as Access Control Lists, or ACLs.
```

> At first, there was one [Solid authorization mechanism](https://solidproject.org/TR/protocol#authorization), 
> Web Access Control ([WAC](https://solidproject.org/TR/wac)), and people often 
> referred to it as Access Control Lists, or ACLs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
At first, there was one [authorization mechanism in Solid](https://solidproject.org/TR/protocol#authorization): 
Web Access Control ([WAC](https://solidproject.org/TR/wac)).
```

> WAC is an access control system to set authorization conditions on HTTP resources 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
WAC uses the Access Control List (ACL) model to set authorization.
```

using the Access Control List (ACL) model. It allows for quite a few different use 
cases, although simple use cases like "allow this person to view this 
Resource" were relatively cumbersome to define given the reliance on inheritance
to effective establish the access control for a given agent: you'd have to take into 
account all kinds of access that could be defined earlier. But that's OK: `src/acl/*` 

> contains code that does all that nasty stuff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contains code that takes care of all that nasty stuff.
```

> using the Access Control List (ACL) model. It allows for quite a few different use 
> cases, although simple use cases like "allow this person to view this 
> Resource" were relatively cumbersome to define given the reliance on inheritance
> to effective establish the access control for a given agent: you'd have to take into 
> account all kinds of access that could be defined earlier. But that's OK: `src/acl/*` 
> contains code that takes care of all that nasty stuff.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> In order to solve these (and other) intrinsic limitations of WAC, Inrupt proposed 
> a new mechanism: Access Control Policies ([ACP](https://github.com/solid/authorization-panel/blob/main/proposals/acp/index.md)). 
> ACP is more flexible and stores authorization information across a particular set 
> of Resources. `src/acp/*` contains APIs that are essentially wrappers around our 
> existing APIs for reading and writing data, but using ACP terminology.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A second model for expressing permission now exists: Access Control Policies ([ACP](https://github.com/solid/authorization-panel/blob/main/proposals/acp/index.md)). 
```

> However, the ACP proposal has to co-exist next to WAC for the time being, which does

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the ACP proposal has to co-exist with WAC for the time being, which does
```

> However, the ACP proposal has to co-exist next to WAC for the time being, which does

Reviewer 2: This changes the messaging, which is intended to contributors to the codebase, and which I think is relevant, that inherently, ACPs flexibility makes low-level use cases complex.

> not make developer's life any easier. Since developer don't control the access control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not make developer's life any easier. Since developers don't control the access control
```

Reviewer 4: I'd probably remove ", which does not make developer's life any easier."  and just connect the two sentences with "That is, since developers ..."

> However, the ACP proposal has to co-exist with WAC for the time being, which does
> not make developer's life any easier. Since developers don't control the access control
> model that will be used by their users, they need to support both.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> But not to worry. Like for WAC, solid-client includes code to achieve some
> simple, yet common, use cases in `src/access/acp.ts`, taking care of all the
> hairy details of dealing with the vast range of potential existing access
> configurations. Additionally, it includes the "Universal Access API" in
> `src/access/universal.ts`. This supports the common, simple use cases that are
> supported in both WAC and ACP, and automatically adjusts to the access mechanism

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`solid-client` includes code to achieve some simple, yet common, use cases
for setting permissions without having to understand the differences between or
details of the ACL and ACP domain models by providing a high level access control
module also called the "Universal Access API".

`solid-client` also includes lower level functions to interact directly with either
authorization systems (ACL/ACP). Those lower level functions are for the time being
still experimental and we don't advise using them in production code.
```

in use by the user's Pod, at the cost of being less flexible, and relying
on developers to recover from the different and non-overlapping error conditions 

> that may occur in both access control mechanisms (e.g. no fallback ACL available 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that may occur in both access control mechanisms (e.g., no fallback ACL available 
```

> in use by the user's Pod, at the cost of being less flexible, and relying
> on developers to recover from the different and non-overlapping error conditions 
> that may occur in both access control mechanisms (e.g., no fallback ACL available 
> in WAC, no access to a Resource defining Policies in ACPs, etc.).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> (i.e. `/src/acp/*`)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
(i.e. `acp_ess_1` and `acp_ess_2`)
```

> This API was put together in a very short timeframe so there are bound to be lots of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API was put together in a relatively short timeframe so there are bound to be
```

> This API was put together in a relatively short timeframe so there are bound to be
> idiosyncracies there. _Especially_ given that the ACP model is still a proposal.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The low level ACP API was put together in a short timeframe and there are bound to be
idiosyncracies there. _Especially_ given that the ACP model is still a proposal.
```

It might seem weird that there are `*StringNoLocale` and `*StringWithLocale`
functions, rather than just `*String` functions with an optional `locale`

> parameter. This was a lengthy internal discussion where the desicion was to nudge 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameter. This was a lengthy internal discussion where the decision was to nudge 
```

Reviewer 4: The previous sentence with "It might seem weird ...."  
Maybe just go for the facts instead of opinions and go

"The decision for having `*StringNoLocale` and `*StringWithLocale` functions instead of `*String` functions with an optional `locale` was based on an length internal discussion where ..."
